The homework 2 grammar style initially threw me off, especially list of rules that 
is implemented as a the curried function in the second element of the grammar tuple. 
In my original implemented, I returned the rules as a list of list of rules for each 
nonterminal symbol. Once I realized that it should return a function instead, it was
a minor tweak to convert_grammar to call a helper function that creates the list of
rules matching the input nonterminal symbol. The converted grammar has the same type
as awkish_grammar. My test cases finds the rules matching specified nonterminals in
the converted grammar and matches the results from the awkish_grammar.

In implementing the parser, I looked at the hint code as suggested but found it rather 
difficult to understand and trying to adapt the solution to the current problem made 
it more difficult. I took the approach that was discussed by the TA and created two 
functions: one that implements an AND matcher and another that implements an OR matcher.
The parse_filter function calls the match_or function with input parameters: start symbol,
complete list of rules, list of rules for given start symbol, acceptor, derivation which
is initially an empty list, and the fragment. The match_or function goes through the list
of rules and picks the first one and tries to match it with the fragment by calling 
the match_and function. The match_and function tries to completely match the a particular
with the fragment. When the rule has been matched, it calls the acceptor with the derivation
and suffix/unmatched fragment. Otherwise, it will try to match the head of the rule with
the head of the fragment. If the head of the rule is a terminal symbol and is a match with
the head of the fragment, it recursively matches the tails. If it's not a match, it returns
None. On the other hand, if the head of the rule is a non-terminal, it will start a recursive
stack by calling match_or with the encountered non-terminal symbol as the start symbol. Each
call to match_or can be seen as a new layer in the parse tree. The branch ends when it
reaches a terminal symbol.

The algorithm so far is relatively straight-forward. It is a DFS of the grammar rules with
the start symbol as the root to find an acceptable match. The crucial and difficult part 
is the acceptor. In my initial approach, I was passing the same, high-level acceptor in each
recursive call. The acceptor gets executed when a given rule has been fully matched. However, 
in examining the parse tree, the acceptor behavior was incorrect. When the acceptor returns a
match, the value is returned all the way up to the top of the recursive stack. This disregards
whether the rule at each level between the root and the leaf is acceptable or not. As hinted 
in discussion, there should be a separate acceptor that is different than the initial one 
passed into parse_filter. This internal acceptor should check that each encountered rule in 
the recursion is current. Similar, the professor discussed in lecture that there should be 
more than one acceptor and that the acceptor should be modified and passed in to the subsequent 
level’s matcher. 

With this new approach, when the match_and encounter a non-terminal symbol, it performs the 
same recurive call as mentioned above but the acceptor is now a curried function to match_and 
with the tail of the current rule. Therefore, on each non-terminal recursive, the acceptor 
function grows. When the function reaches the base case, it will process the nested curried 
function of acceptors. Therefore, in order for a rule to be completedly satisfied, it must pass 
each acceptor function with the derivation and suffix at each particular level. In other words,
the matched head and tail must satisified.

The parser has a few shortcomings. The parser expects the grammar to be left associative and
if not, it is possible to be stuck in an infinite loop. For example, if Expr has a rule that 
is Expr;Binop;Term (reverse of the first rule), it will first try to match Expr, which is an 
non-terminal and recursively call match_or. It will encounter the same scenario in the recursive 
call and be stuck in an infinite loop.